-- 본문 타이틀

ABSOLUT VODKA<br>
PRODUCTS


-- 본문내용
Absolut Vodka is one of the most famous vodkas in the world. Launched in the US in 1979,<br>
it completely redefined the premium vodka landscape, becoming synonymous with art, culture and nightlife.<br>
By starting a revolution in cocktail creation and launching a range of flavors never before seen<br>
on the market,Absolut became an icon in its own right.<br>
Here you can discover some of Absolut’s most popular flavors and products,<br>
and see for yourself why it is still regarded today as the true taste of vodka around the globe.



------ item내용 ---------




01
ABSOLUT<br>VODKA

Absolut Vodka was first launched in New York in 1979. It soon became the talk of the town, in the US and eventually of the world. But the recipe behind the clean and natural taste of Absolut is actually older than 30 years. So is the 18th century medicine bottle found in an antique store in Stockholm, Sweden that gave inspiration to the iconic Absolut Vodka bottle.



02
ABSOLUT<br>RAW

Introducing Absolut Raw, a traveler’s exclusive that explores a new approach to making vodka. Designed by our Master Blender, Absolut Raw is cut differently where our unique process ensures a crisp character with a raw edge. Delicately paper-wrapped by hand, in the village of Ahus, Sweden.




03
ABSOLUT<br>WORLD

Off on your holiday? Want to discover places loved by locals in your travel destination? Join the global selfie to unlock favourite local hotspots and share your own hometown recommendation with the world. All you need to do is take a selfie!



04
ABSOLUT<br>APEACH

Absolut Apeach was introduced in 2005. It soon found its following around the world, both in Asia where the peach fruit is originally from, and in Sweden where Absolut is from. (By the way, Absolut also found some devotees in the countries in between).




05
ABSOLUT<br>PEPPAR

Absolut Peppar was launched in 1986, seven years after Absolut Vodka. Besides being the first flavored vodka in the family, it was also the first flavored vodka in the world. So why pepper? The idea soon turned out as intended, both for bartenders who could now make Instant Bloody Marys, and for all the fans of the drink.



06
ABSOLUT Mandrin

Absolut Mandrin was launched in 1999, 20 years after Absolut Vodka. It’s the fourth flavored Absolut product after Absolut Peppar, Absolut Citron and Absolut Kurant. And since mandarin and orange are among the most popular flavors in the world, Absolut Mandrin was received with the same enthusiasm as the rest of the family members.


----------------------------



More Products